[Do not merge] Update for the SQL check operators concept guide anticipating version 1.3 (#1399)
astronomer/docs: learn/airflow-sql-data-quality.md

You can add a tolerance to the comparisons in the form of a fraction (0.1 = 10% tolerance).

> In version 1.3+ of the Common SQL provider it is possible to define a subset of the table to run checks on. To do so provide a statement that could follow the SQL `WHERE`-keyword to the `partition_clause` parameter. A `partition_clause` defined at the operator level will apply to all checks contained in the operator. A `partition_clause` defined within a single check only affects the check it has been defined in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With version 1.3+ of the Common SQL provider, it is possible to define a subset of the table to run checks on. To do so, provide a statement that could follow the SQL `WHERE`-keyword to the `partition_clause` parameter. A `partition_clause` defined at the operator level will apply to all checks contained in the operator. A `partition_clause` defined within a single check only affects the check it has been defined in. 
```
"could follow" is throwing me off a bit here. I wonder if there's a different way to describe this that would be clearer. Maybe "provide a SQL `WHERE` clause - I think this is technically accurate in terms of SQL terminology.

Author: yeah I struggled with phrasing this in a way that makes clear that the `WHERE` keyword should not be included. Maybe I need to be explicit about it "provide a SQL `WHERE` clause (without the `WHERE` keyword)"

The code snippet below shows a SQLColumnCheckOperator defined with a `partition_clause` at the operator level, as well as a `partition_clause` in one of the two column checks defined in the `column_mapping`. 

> The partition clause at the operator level is `CUSTOMER_NAME IS NOT NULL` meaning all checks defined in `column_mapping` will only run on rows of `MY_TABLE` where there is no `NULL` value in the `CUSTOMER_NAME` column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the operator-level partition clause is `CUSTOMER_NAME IS NOT NULL`, which means all checks defined in the `column_mapping` will only run on rows of `MY_TABLE` where there is no `NULL` value in the `CUSTOMER_NAME` column.
```
I think this statement should probably also be a bullet like the ones below to make it clearer. Maybe something like -
"The following checks are completed in this example:
- `My_NUM_COL_1`: description of check
- `My_num_col_2`: description of check and partition
- Both of these checks only run on ....description of operator-level partition clause
etc.

You can add a tolerance to the comparisons in the form of a fraction (0.1 = 10% tolerance).

> With version 1.3+ of the Common SQL provider, it is possible to define a subset of the table to run checks on. To do so, provide a SQL `WHERE`-clause (without the `WHERE` keyword) to the `partition_clause` parameter. A `partition_clause` defined at the operator level will apply to all checks contained in the operator. A `partition_clause` defined within a single check only affects the check it has been defined in. 

Reviewer 2: Also - if you accept my suggestion on the header change, let's update the rest of the titles with "Example" in the name to match that format.

The code snippet below shows a SQLColumnCheckOperator defined with a `partition_clause` at the operator level, as well as a `partition_clause` in one of the two column checks defined in the `column_mapping`. 

> In the following example, two checks are performed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following example, the operator checks whether:
```

> - the `MY_NUM_COL_1` column is checked to have a minimum value greater than 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `MY_NUM_COL_1` column is checked to have a minimum value greater than 10.
```

> - the `MY_NUM_COL_1` column is checked to have a minimum value greater than 10.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `MY_NUM_COL_1` column has a minimum value greater than 10.
```

> - `MY_NUM_COL_2` is checked to have a maximum value less than 300 for rows that fulfill the check-level `partition_clause` which includes rows where `CUSTOMER_STATUS = 'active'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `MY_NUM_COL_2` is checked to have a maximum value less than 300. Only rows that fulfill the check-level `partition_clause` are checked (rows where `CUSTOMER_STATUS = 'active'`).
```

> - `MY_NUM_COL_2` is checked to have a maximum value less than 300 for rows that fulfill the check-level `partition_clause` which includes rows where `CUSTOMER_STATUS = 'active'`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `MY_NUM_COL_2` has a maximum value less than 300. Only rows that fulfill the check-level `partition_clause` are checked (rows where `CUSTOMER_STATUS = 'active'`).
```

> - both of the above checks only run on rows fullfilling the operator-level partition clause `CUSTOMER_NAME IS NOT NULL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Both of the above checks only run on rows that fulfill the operator-level partition clause `CUSTOMER_NAME IS NOT NULL`.
```

> If both, an operator-level `partition_clause` and a check-level `partition_clause` is defined for a check, the check will only run on rows fulfilling both clauses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both an operator-level `partition_clause` and a check-level `partition_clause` is defined for a check, the check will only run on rows fulfilling both clauses.
```

> If both, an operator-level `partition_clause` and a check-level `partition_clause` is defined for a check, the check will only run on rows fulfilling both clauses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```python
column_checks = SQLColumnCheckOperator(
        task_id="column_checks",
        conn_id="MY_DB_CONNECTION",
        table="MY_TABLE",
        partition_clause="CUSTOMER_NAME IS NOT NULL",
        column_mapping={
            "MY_NUM_COL_1": {
                "min": {
                    "greater_than": 10
                }
            },
            "MY_NUM_COL_2": {
                "max": {
                    "less_than": 300,
                    "partition_clause": "CUSTOMER_STATUS = 'active'"
                }
            }
        }
    )
```

> If the boolean value resulting from the check is `True` it passes, otherwise the check will fail. [Airflow generates logs](logging.md) that show the set of returned records for every check that passes and the full query and result for checks that failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the boolean value resulting from the check is `True` the check will pass, otherwise it will fail. [Airflow generates logs](logging.md) that show the set of returned records for every check that passes and the full query and result for checks that failed.
```

    Check Values: {'geq_to': 0, 'result': -12, 'success': False}
```

> Starting with version 1.3 of the Common SQL provider the SQLColumnCheckOperator will convert a returned `result` of `None` to 0 by default and still run the check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 1.3 of the Common SQL provider, the SQLColumnCheckOperator will convert a returned `result` of `None` to 0 by default and still run the check.
```

For example, if a column check for the `MY_COL` column is set to accept a minimum value of -10 or more but runs on an empty table, the check would still pass because the `None` result is treated as 0. You can toggle this behavior by setting `accept_none=False`, which will cause all checks returning `None` to fail.

> In previous versions running a column check on an empty table always resulted in the check to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of the provider, running a column check on an empty table always resulted in a failed check.
```

    Check Values: {'geq_to': 0, 'result': -12, 'success': False}
```

> Starting with version 1.3 of the Common SQL provider, the SQLColumnCheckOperator will convert a returned `result` of `None` to 0 by default and still run the check.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SQLColumnCheckOperator converts a returned `result` of `None` to 0 by default and still runs the check.
```

- Row count checks.
- Checking if a date is between certain bounds (for example, using `MY_DATE_COL BETWEEN '2019-01-01' AND '2019-12-31'` to make sure only dates in the year 2019 exist).
- Comparisons between multiple columns, both aggregated and not aggregated.
- Running the above checks on a subset of the table using the `partition_clause` parameter (added in version 1.3 of the Common SQL provider).

In the example below, three checks are defined: `my_row_count_check`, `my_column_sum_comparison_check` and  `my_column_addition_check`. The first check runs a SQL statement asserting that the table contains at least 1000 rows, the second check compares the sum of two columns, and the third check confirms that for each row `MY_COL_1 + MY_COL_2 = MY_COL_3` is true.

> Equivalent to the SQLColumnCheckOperator you can pass a SQL statement that could follow the `WHERE` keyword in a query to the operator-level `partition_clause` parameter or as a check-level `partition_clause` in version 1.3+. All checks of the `table_checks` task below only run on rows in `MY_TABLE` where the date in the `START_DATE` column is 2022-01-01 or later. The `my_column_sum_comparison_check` additionally only runs on rows where the value in `MY_COL_4` is greater than 100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly to the SQLColumnCheckOperator, in version 1.3+ you can pass a SQL `WHERE` clause to the operator-level `partition_clause` parameter or as a check-level `partition_clause`. All checks of the `table_checks` task below only run on rows in `MY_TABLE` where the date in the `START_DATE` column is 2022-01-01 or later. The `my_column_sum_comparison_check` additionally only runs on rows where the value in `MY_COL_4` is greater than 100.
```

- Row count checks.
- Checking if a date is between certain bounds (for example, using `MY_DATE_COL BETWEEN '2019-01-01' AND '2019-12-31'` to make sure only dates in the year 2019 exist).
- Comparisons between multiple columns, both aggregated and not aggregated.

> - Running the above checks on a subset of the table using the `partition_clause` parameter (added in version 1.3 of the Common SQL provider).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

In the example below, three checks are defined: `my_row_count_check`, `my_column_sum_comparison_check` and  `my_column_addition_check`. The first check runs a SQL statement asserting that the table contains at least 1000 rows, the second check compares the sum of two columns, and the third check confirms that for each row `MY_COL_1 + MY_COL_2 = MY_COL_3` is true.

> Similarly to the SQLColumnCheckOperator, in version 1.3+ you can pass a SQL `WHERE` clause to the operator-level `partition_clause` parameter or as a check-level `partition_clause`. All checks of the `table_checks` task below only run on rows in `MY_TABLE` where the date in the `START_DATE` column is 2022-01-01 or later. The `my_column_sum_comparison_check` additionally only runs on rows where the value in `MY_COL_4` is greater than 100.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similarly to the SQLColumnCheckOperator, you can pass a SQL `WHERE` clause to the operator-level `partition_clause` parameter or as a check-level `partition_clause`. All checks of the `table_checks` task below run only on rows in `MY_TABLE` where the date in the `START_DATE` column is 2022-01-01 or later. The `my_column_sum_comparison_check` additionally only runs on rows where the value in `MY_COL_4` is greater than 100.
```
